improve contributing docs and add library usage docs (#608)
feltcoop/felt-server: contributing.md

[<img src="/src/static/felt.png" align="right" width="192" height="178">](https://felt.dev)

# Contributing to `@feltcoop/felt-server`

Thanks for your interest in contributing.
Due to the challenging nature of reality,

> we're currently practicing closed open source development,

Author: wasn't sure how to put this, this doesn't seem bad rn

> so we publish our source code as we write it,

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this phrasing, it reads almost like snark to me :(

Maybe 
```suggestion
In order to keep our development velocity high,
we're currently practicing closed development.
We publish our source code as we write it,
```

Author: thank you yeah that's way better, it says outdated so I can't merge, will make the commit separately
